things are starting to come together
nicely here what's the plan
tommy que pasa amigo the plan is you
keep doing that like a moron anyhow we
need a driver
Tommy I'll do it I can drive you all
Hillary mister not some smart talking
law school Chuck Hillary is a real deal
you had never seen anyone drive so fast
I'll give him a call here
hey it's Phil how's it going no don't
talk we'll reminisce later you want to
do me a favor
I got me a guy from up north uh-huh no I
don't think he was in the service but he
wants a driver for a bit of action okay
understand what'd he say
well he'll do it no problem well there
might be a little problem he has
abandonment issues seems he won't work
for anyone who can't beat him something
to do with his moment anyway he wants to
race you first said he'd meet Jansen
abandonment issues who is this freak why
can't I meet someone normal for a change
you're Tommy oh of course you're Tommy I
mean why else would anyone want to speak
to me okay
consider it this way I'll Drive for you
if and only if you can drive properly
leave me alone but I'll never forgive
you
you think music is going away
dude Audi's super rocket mr. Madden rad
news is the life what's wrong with you
people
are you sick or something are you on
drugs he's alive don't wild stop that's
right magic lands let's keep up the
nonstop music with the very stresses
back Cybertron am I making myself clear
let's keep it movin y'all
[Applause]
okay I'll try for you but please pretty
bad